Update docs for Sync All feature (#24529)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_search/how-to/adding_repositories_to_cloud.md

Sourcegraph cloud lets you add repositories to search with Sourcegraph without needing to self-host. You can add repositories you own or collaborate on from GitHub.com or GitLab.com.

> ## Adding a code-host connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding a code host connection
```

1. Go to **Code host connections** in the sidebar navigation.
1. Connect with GitHub and/or Gitlab using OAuth.

## Adding repositories by selecting Sync All (Recommended)

> If you want to sync all the repositories you have access to and have Sourcegraph monitor for new repositories in the future, follow the below steps: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to sync all the repositories you have access to and have Sourcegraph automatically sync all new repositories on the code host in the future, follow the below steps: 
```

1. Go to **User menu > Settings** in the top navigation bar.
1. Go to **Repositories** in the sidebar navigation.
1. Press the **Manage Repositories** button.

> 1. Choose the 'Sync All' option. This 

Reviewer 2: Did you want to finish the sentence or is the `This` at the end of the line not supposed to be there?
```suggestion
1. Choose the 'Sync All' option.
```

1. Press the **Save** button.

> ## Adding only select repositories  
> 
> If you only want to add select repositories to Sourcegraph cloud, follow the below steps:

Reviewer 2: To me it sounds better if we say `specific` here instead of select. But not sure how we present that in the UI...
```suggestion
## Adding specific repositories  

If you only want to add specific repositories to Sourcegraph cloud, follow the below steps:
```
